just over these three weeks like I get a
scrim against all the top meds and like
just just from that alone it's like I
feel the improvement so I think like the
longer I go in this it's like only it's
only gonna get better for me yeah it's
the end of the fifth week of na LCS I'm
joined right now by Demonte with
coverage presented by Omni slash talked
a little bit about how things are going
with echo fox so we were just talking
before the start of this interview and
and it feels like week at games this
weekend it may be a lot of the weekends
before this have been really wonky yeah
I mean every game in LCS right now feels
like pretty coin flip I don't think
there's a clear number one team and
you're seeing like all the bottom teams
we're beating the top teams so like
feels pretty fiesta and like playing in
all the games feels pretty ridiculous
right now is it is it fun for you or is
it just frustrating um for me I think
it's more frustrating because like this
is my first it's not my debut but it's
like this is my first time I've been
able to play LCS consistently like for a
couple weeks and like doesn't seem like
anything is really figured out and like
it doesn't feel like we're really
getting there either to the point that
it's figured out so it's pretty fresh
needed to plan but at the same time it's
pretty cool seeing that like there's no
clear like best team or best players
right now yeah it's an interesting
situation indeed what is it like for you
playing because he said you've played a
little bit before but seems like you're
you're becoming a little bit more
commonplace with na LCS um I mean it
feels good I I mean I'm still on like
six-man roster with echo fox so it's not
like anything permanent as of yet so it
feels good having like because I think
this is my third week playing now and I
mean I feel like every week I'm still
getting better
I spent the last like year and a half
playing in like Challenger Series and
Academy and every day like practicing
against Academy players is much
different than practicing against LCS
players so like just over these three
weeks like I get a scrim against all the
top mids and like just just from that
alone it's like I feel the improvement
so I think like the longer I go in this
it's like only it's only gonna get
better for me because like it's just
like the practice is just so much better
what is it what is it
why are you one of the few na mid laners
I don't know it's like it's like
why it's like meepo butter and golden
glue and the night owl who he who he to
now I mean oh yeah but but like is that
true in a mid like I feel I what I mean
it's either way I mean he regardless its
kind of like big Zeph
but but I a little bit more I think is a
little different like you know he's
actually a but whatever the whole point
is it's like you it doesn't feel like
there's that many one question is is
like I've heard in the past that na mid
laners have switched to a DC or other
roles where they actually think they can
get a chance to do the LCS because it
just feels like the system is so heavily
biased towards the International mid
laners yeah I mean I think just the
problem with na mids is like when you
when you come into solo queue and you're
playing against like North American
millionaires honestly it feels like how
they lane is just so much different than
everyone else you play against because
like most North American players are
just pretty fine with like trading farm
and then scaling up whereas like if
you're playing against a European mid
laner or a Korean with linear most of
time they're just trying to punish you
anytime I can so I think just the
overall place of like in solo queue and
then maybe sometimes in LCS too it just
is why you don't see many many players
like move up to so yes I think it's
really interesting to sort of see the
situation echo foxes in because it just
seems like you guys are like so many of
the other teams same situation you guys
are just trying to figure out like I
almost people are trying to figure out
Michael Fox is good or bad yeah and I
think they're trying to figure that out
with the rest of the teams right like is
the NA LCS have a bunch of really good
teams that are all taking games off each
other or just is it really bad and I we
know what's kind of your take it's got
to be a mix of both I think what we're
seeing now is like all the players are
on like a pretty like similar skill
level but then all the team like all the
teams have really bad skill level
together so then we're seeing like this
really weird mesh of like players are
even but then the team player is really
bad so I think it's probably leaning
more towards like everyone is pretty bad
right now well that's not good other
than that how how do you feel like do
you think that echo fox is on a path
towards getting better do you think that
like what what is going on behind the
scenes to try to like help you guys get
to a better place
um I mean I think with the switcher
between me and Phoenix we're focusing
more on just like macro as a team and
actually trying to close out games as
like a team instead of just going for
like we're just gonna fight all the time
and like we're gonna win because we're
better players I think you'll still see
that in our gameplay just because of
like who we have on the team with like
who need our talk and like myself and
our balling like we're all really
talented like together like you'll see
in our games today like like our game is
pretty doomed and then dog just runs in
the jungle and randomly 1b twos like
some random people in the jungle it's
like okay I guess we win now because
Dalek is just smurfing or something but
I mean I think our practice has been
more focused recently just not focused
on getting like 40 kills a game but like
just playing macro and around waves
that's good to hear
final question why this had been like is
I know an arrows kind of still hanging
out the team but generally speaking slip
down from the head coach position what
what is it like not having him around
and sort of having think hard step into
that role a little bit more um I noticed
I've been working with us up until he
leaves I I'm not too sure how much it
will change I think I never has been
very valuable does as a team in general
like I mean he's the one who really like
pushes to us to like make sure like
we're a 10 man roster right a lot of
other teams when I feel like it's just a
five core five players and that's the
five but like in our case it's like all
ten of us Academy in LCS included we all
feel like we're fighting for like one
goal rather than like I'm trying to take
the enemy's spot or I'm trying to take
like my sub position spots like like
with me in Phoenix being subbed in and
now it's like it's not like we don't
like each other like we're just working
together to win as a team well good so
anything that you would say to any of
the fans out there um I just want to say
thanks for supporting me all the fans I
do have I hope that I can bring a new
North American middling talent into the
LCS and I hope I'll be here for a long
time
thanks dude really appreciate the
interview Congrats on the win today for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel I want
to thank only slash is so much for the
support of my content they are on a
train right now a train that you could
be on and that's the Travis trained to
get on that train subscribe to the
YouTube channel hit up my twitch we're
stopping at all the differ
scoffs all right this is a train and
it's good what's going far so get on the
train and ride it ride that Travis train